# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt -o requirements-uv-windows.txt --index-strategy unsafe-best-match --no-build-isolation -p 3.11
-e musubi-tuner
    # via -r requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.0
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
adam-mini==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
ascii-magic==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
av==14.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
bitsandbytes==0.45.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via wandb
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   ascii-magic
    #   click
    #   tqdm
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dadaptation==3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
diffusers==0.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
easydict==1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
editables==0.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flash-attn
    #   musubi-tuner
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flash-attn @ https://github.com/sdbds/flash-attention-for-windows/releases/download/2.8.2/flash_attn-2.8.2+cu128torch2.7.1cxx11abiFALSEfullbackward-cp311-cp311-win_amd64.whl
    # via -r requirements.txt
fonttools==4.58.4
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
grpcio==1.73.0
    # via tensorboard
hatchling==1.27.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
heavyball==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
hf-transfer==0.1.9
    # via huggingface-hub
hf-xet==1.1.3
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   musubi-tuner
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via diffusers
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.8
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==2.3.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   contourpy
    #   diffusers
    #   heavyball
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   pytorch-optimizer
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via heavyball
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   hatchling
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch-optimi
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via hatchling
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ascii-magic
    #   diffusers
    #   matplotlib
    #   musubi-tuner
    #   torchvision
pillow-avif-plugin==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via wandb
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via hatchling
prodigy-plus-schedule-free==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
prodigyopt==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via -r requirements.txt
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   wandb
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via wandb
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via matplotlib
pytorch-optimizer==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   musubi-tuner
    #   transformers
sageattention @ https://github.com/sdbds/SageAttention-for-windows/releases/download/2.20_torch271%2Bcu128/sageattention-2.2.0+cu128torch2.7.1-cp311-cp311-win_amd64.whl
    # via -r requirements.txt
schedulefree==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
sentry-sdk==2.30.0
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.6
    # via wandb
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   triton-windows
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
torch==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   flash-attn
    #   heavyball
    #   prodigy-plus-schedule-free
    #   pytorch-optimizer
    #   schedulefree
    #   torch-optimi
    #   torchvision
torch-optimi==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
torchvision==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   musubi-tuner
    #   transformers
transformers==4.52.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
triton-windows==3.3.1.post19
    # via -r requirements.txt
trove-classifiers==2025.5.9.12
    # via hatchling
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   schedulefree
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
    #   wandb
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
voluptuous==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   musubi-tuner
wandb==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
